Version 1.0.0, released 1 Oct 2020

## Known Issues

* This app is currently NOT connected to a database, all data is stored on the server and disappears when the server is closed
* Layout for many pages is subpar. This app was meant to practice Express and CRUD operations, CSS was not a priority.
* I have also had trouble getting browsers to recognise the custom stylesheet placed in */public/style/style.css*
* Password fields are not recognised as password fields in browsers
* Error messages aren't particularly specific and may be confusing
* Emails are not validated.

## Default Credentials

* For your information, there are currently three users created by default, as follows:

Name | Email | Password
---|---|---
Jack | some@random.com | *hunter2*
Jill | example@example.edu | *correct-horse*
Boss | daroot@theboss.com | *battery-staple*

* "Boss" has admin privileges i.e. has all of the permissions available to all of the other users.
* Note: These are NOT real emails! There is no validation whatsoever. Names, characters, emails, and passwords are either the products of the developer's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
* P.S. If by coincidence, you actually have that email and password and you're angry at me for leaking it onto the Internet, you should be angry at yourself instead. With all due respect, it's NOT good security practice to copy passwords from [Internet](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/hunter2) [memes](https://xkcd.com/936/)
